So, um, the re so, uh,
the reason why I know what date it is is because
DirecTV is supposed to come to my house on the 31st.
Now I put out a little bit of a hot freestyle on,
on my Instagram and my Twitter and my, to, uh,
about how I was feeling about DirecTV and my troubles with DirecTV. Now
is DirecTV the worst customer service on the planet? Yes, it is.
It's the worst customer service in the planet.
You would get better customer from a, crack. You know,
you'd be like, where is she?
She was supposed to be here and give me some crack and a blow job,
but she's not reliable. And you'd be like, well,
at least we're not dealing with DirecTV. Uh,
apparently ever since DirecTV merged with at and T at T and T said, it.
And just want to get a bunch of new customers and not keep the pre-existing
customers happy. I don't know what the deal is.
What I do know is I've called DirecTV. Like, they're my,
ex-girlfriend like, they're my ex-girlfriend.
And we're just trying to salvage what we have left, but we can't,
I'm calling them too much and they're not calling back,
which is another thing why they're like my ex-girlfriend. Okay. That sucks.
Um, and it's absolutely ridiculous because they're supposed to come,
let me just break down the story for you guys. Okay. Babies, look,
here's what is going on?
Am I clear my throat too much? Yeah.
Is it because it's that time of year? Yeah. Is it coming from my throat and my,
the postnasal. Yeah. Did I put creamer in my coffee?
Which I never do. And it activated a little bit more this morning. Yes.
Are we going to get through it? Yeah. But, um, yeah. Yeah.
So I want two extra boxes of DirecTV. Now.
Here's what we're not going to do. Okay, nobody's going to say, Whoa,
first world problems. We're not going to do that. Do you know why?
Because you're listening to this podcast. Therefore he in the first world,
okay. Nobody's listening to the podcast in a hut.
So don't be such a, you know, when people say that kind of,
it drives me nuts. Well, first world problems.
Cause you're only saying that on the internet,
which means you in the first world,
you're commenting it under a YouTube vid in the first world.
Okay. So I, uh, all my problems are first real problem.
You know why I'm in the first world, baby. So anyway, I called,
um, direct TV now, already. Uh,
don't wanna so DirecTV, you better make it easy now,
do they make it easy? No. Why don't they make it easy?
Because they already have me as a customer. They don't think I'll cancel.
What they don't know is your boy will cancel and your boy will go to dish.
Your blood will take the dish off top of the house and he will bring it down in
the front yard, leave it there and have a guy drive by and pick it up.
I don't give a. Is it going to cost me money? Doesn't matter.
We're out here to prove a point. Plus my, my brings trucks.
So man, we all know which direction they go.
So I call the DirecTV guy. Now let's do a guess.
Does he speak English? Well, ah, you already know.
All right, so hello. How are you doing? We'll talk to 'em. Hello?
This is a directive. [inaudible] okay. Yeah. Cool. Well, first of all,
I want you to see you really value you as a customer. Stop right there.
You don't need to tell me how much you value me as a customer
because you actually aren't DirecTV.
You're just a guy they hired you. Don't give a. You have your own family.
You go home and you forget about my phone call and that's fine, dude.
That is absolutely fine. So don't say the transcript.
Don't say the that they tell you to say, I'm a person, you purse, let's do this.
Okay. And he says, Oh, um,
so what's the problem what's going on? I said, I just want two boxes.
And he says, okay, now, Oh, let me give you a backstory. The guy,
when they first showed up and gave me the first boxes, they came up,
the first guy that came big Samoan type looking dude comes in, Hey, what's up?
I said, Oh, Hey. Yeah, we need to put boxes over here. And he says, Oh,
I can't do that. If the guy's not here, if your video audio guys in here,
I said really? And he said, yeah. I said, okay. So can you come? When,
can you come next time? He said, uh, Friday, I said, that's perfect.
That's all my video audio guy's coming. Oh. And he said, okay. I said,
can you make the appointment? And he said, sure. I said,
can you make it right now in front of me? And he said, sure.
He pulled up his little thing that looked like a Palm pilot. Hey DirecTV.
You're using Palm pilots. And he plugged it in. He said, cool.
I'll appointments. All set for Friday. I said, Oh great. He said it to my face.
I looked at his eyes and this Samoan guy said it to me face. So he left Friday.
Ah, what the you guessed it?
The video audio guy was the only guy that showed up the DirecTV guy
didn't show up. So when the video audio guy showed up,
I asked him and I said, Hey man, they said that they couldn't do it without you.
And he said, Oh, that's. They do it all the time. And I said, huh?
So not only did he lie and was he a lazy? He's not here.
When he said he would be. So they came the next day and did it.
I knew a new guy, a different guy came,
did it without the video and audio guy and still did it. So that first,
all right. So now everybody's a liar at DirecTV.
So far I've dealt with except for the new guy.
So now I'm already when I'm calling. So I called them up and I say, Hey,
I need two boxes. And he says, okay. I say, send me the confirmation.
And he says, okay, we can send a confirmation. I said, can you, he said,
what's the email. Could I send it to? I said, why don't you just text it to me?
So I get it right now. And he says, okay, Ken do it right now,
but we'll get it to you in the an hour. I said, so to be clear,
you're texting me. I said, what's my phone number. He told me my phone number.
I said, so be clear, you're texting me this confirmation in one hour.
And he said, yes. I said, great. So we'll have it in one hour. And if I don't,
I'll call back. And he says, okay, now the video now, the, the, the call was,
was already, uh, by the way that they record all these call for,
for whatever purpose they record these for.
You need to listen to these back again. Okay. Anyway, I wait,
I sit and I wait.
I literally sit and I wait for one hour.
The second, the hour goes by, I check my texts.
Absolutely nothing. Just texts from fuck-ups friends,
family members.
So I call them immediately and I get guess what a new person,
which is highly annoying, but I get it.
Okay. So now it's a female. All good. A little bit better to deal with.
Can I understand the word she's saying? No. So she's saying,
I explained to her what I just explained to you what happened? And she says,
okay, well, we'll send you a, we'll make sure that the thing I, Oh, wait,
the first guy I told him. I said, Hey, I need a guy to come out Thursday.
And he says, okay, well, let me check up. Okay, well, earliest I could come.
And Saturday I said, Oh no, we can't do that.
He's got to come Thursdays as well. Unfortunately. Um, we kind of have it. Um,
we can't have it, uh, Saturday. Uh, we can't have it Thursday.
We have to have a Saturday. I said, ah, we'll see, uh,
what you gotta do is you gotta move some stuff around.
I don't really care what you do, but guys gotta come Thursday. How's that sound?
And the guy says, well, let me check. Um, okay,
so we can have them come Thursday. So now, now I'm. Cause he could have done it.
What changed in the last second? Just me saying no, do it. All right.
So now he said all that. I didn't get the confirmation. So all can,
now I'm calling a flash flashback, flashback back forward to the lady.
So now I'm talking, I said, yeah, can you do the thing?
I didn't get the a confirmation text. And she says, Oh, okay. Um,
I don't know why he didn't get it, but uh, we can,
we can guarantee you get a confirmation text within
24 hours. And I said, well, now the first guy said I could get it in an hour,
but you're telling me I can't get it in an hour. I have to get it in 24 hours.
And she says, yes. I said, well, why did that first guy tell me one hour?
And she says, I don't know, because you're not the guy. That's why,
because you're not the guy. You're a different person than this. How you do it.
You keep pulling people off until you, the guy gives up, but I'm not giving up,
man. Oh, I don't give up, dude. I'm not giving up.
So I say, okay. So you're telling me to be clear in 24 hours,
I'm going to have an email and it's going to tell me that you're coming
Thursday. And she says, yes, absolutely. I said, what's your name?
She says her name. I don't remember it now meant to remember. It says, okay,
I wait now I do. I go about my day. I sit, I eat, I sleep.
I wake up in the morning and I'm waiting. I'm waiting 1:00 PM. I'm waiting.
Cause that's 24 hour Mark. Guess what?
The 24 hour Mark goes by no text,
no text. I check my email.
I get an email. I guess with the email says,
the email says
a guy will be at your place
from noon to four,
anytime in between there and get this.
It says he's coming today.
The day I get the email.
Now we are five days away from Thursday. The confirmed,
place that they were coming today.
This is when I get the email 12, 10,
he's coming from 12 to four today. I get the email at 12,
10. So already 10 minutes. I don't not home.
I never said nobody said about today. Let me say about anybody coming today.
Nobody said about it. Me hurt guy.
Nobody said. Guess what? Your boy does
that on his phone. I never typed the thing faster. I go into recent calls,
clear, uh, hit it. Um,
and then I get a new guy. And I, and I explained to him,
everything I had just explained to you. Baby's okay. And I say,
I want a email confirming your coming
Thursday. And I want it now.
And he says, well, unfortunately I can't send you an email.
That's not my jurisdiction. I said, okay, when can I get the email?
Now this is Saturday. He says, um, ASAP is all I can say.
I can say, okay, ASAP.
So, uh,
now I sit and I wait Sunday, rolls around no email, Sunday night,
I'm getting so, no email. So I start firing off a few tweets.
I start firing off a tweet certain, and I'm going to dish threatening.
I'm only gonna use Netflix. Start in front of them using Hulu threatening.
I'm using PlayStation threatening.
I'm going to get them streaming service from Kerrigan. I don't give a. Okay.
They Mo my phone rings. It's an 800 number. My foot,
my phone rip my phone rings.
Don't know the thing. Pick it up. Oh, hello. [inaudible]
that's all I hear. I say, yeah, who's this. No, no, no, no.
[inaudible] I say no, no, no. I hear direct TV. I said, are you from direct TV?
And he says, yes. I say, are you calling me? He says, well,
LA Twitter, LA he's yo,
have you ever had DirecTV call you out of the blue? It was amazing.
So I say, listen, man, I, you, he called me because I started tweeting.
And in there, they're in my DMS. Oh, what's your account number.
We need to pull it up. We need to know your account number to this and that.
You don't need to know, dude. You know who the I am?
I'm tweeting. I got my account number. I got it all. It's all there.
I'm not telling another bot. I got to call a bot.
I got to call a bot. Now I dealt with three people.
They didn't know what the did we do. And now I got to tell a Twitter on bot my,
you got the calls recorded, man. You record them for purposes.
Go in there and see what the problem is. Are you coming Thursday?
No confirmation email. I say, check my account. I'm at dinner with my,
my family. Check my account.
Becoming the guy says,
I can see there is an appointment where we are coming Thursday. I said, great.
Still no, no email. Still, no email, but they're coming.
They told me, dude. Now let me tell you when I get,
this is unbelievable that they said that they work. When I get off this podcast,
you better believe I'm calling the DirecTV and I'm calling them and I'm asking
them for a dude. I'm calling him every day until Thursday. And if you,
if you think, um, if you think I'm telling you,
then you are, absolutely out to lunch. Dude.
I.
Can't wait to, I want to be annoyed. I want to be annoyed.
If you're going to play this game, I'm going to be annoyed.
And you're dealing with this mother. And I'm so happy with situations like this,
that I have 800,000 Twitter followers and 1.4 million Instagram
followers.
That's.
Why I had to put the hottest freestyle out on my Instagram.
Talking about DirecTV.
[Inaudible].
And YouTube. It's on YouTube. Dude. I'm shutting DirecTV down. If you're,
if you're not by the way, if you don't show up Thursday, uh, it's it that's it.
That's it, dude. I'm putting out a album, dude.
I'm doing I'm I'm,
I'm putting together a well-crafted comedy bit and doing it on
stage and opening my next special with it. That's what I'm doing.
If you don't show up Thursday and I'm switching to dish,
A matter of fact, if you don't come,
I'm taking all the dish employees out to dinner, dude. That's what I'm doing.
And I'm wining and dining them and I'm going to make love to them dude.
And they're going to want to,
and now I'm going to show him a beautiful time and we're going to have a great
relationship or be, and all the dish in plays.
I don't give a if they're guys or girls, it's not a gay or straight thing.
It's a retaliation thing to you, on DirecTV,
because I don't around with this, dude.
If I make an appointment with somebody and we say 10 30 on virtual,
I don't make an appointment that says, Oh yeah,
it's going to be between noon and four I'll show up sometime. No,
if that happened, I wouldn't be successful. You Dunces,
I'm sorry, I'm talking about this so much, but, you know,
also if you have DirecTV, you know, what's up, dude,